P2-Project_Outline/README.md, before:

# Project Outline
For this assignment, you will submit a high-level outline of your project. This can, and likely will, change over time. In particular, your mentor will provide direction and feedback to help sharpen your ideas. So don't worry if you feel unsure about some aspects of the outline or if you have to change some things later.

## Assignment Description
[Project Outline Assignment](https://education.launchcode.org/liftoff/modules/assignments/project-outline)

## Submission Instructions

### Overview
The purpose of this project is to provide information for patients who are afflicted with one or more of the following disorders: diabetes (type 1 and 2), hypertension, and celiac disorder. The application aims to provide a number of recipes for meals that are compatible with patient disorders. Users will fill out a questionnaire where they list their disorders, select foods that they are particlarly fond of, and select foods that they do not wish to eat. The application will filter recipes by these answers and then present them to users.

Additionally, the application will assist users in finding patient care within a radius of a certain zip code. Patient care can vary from inpatient hospitals to outpatient clinics.
### Features
User login: users will be able to create and delete their own accounts and store their disorder information and food preferences to databases connected to said accounts.
Find recipes: users will take a survey that does NOT require user signup or login. this survey will query users for their disorders, favored foods, and least favored foots. recipes based on these answers will be pulled from databases.
Find healthcare options: users will be able to search for nearby doctors, clinicians, and other patient care options within a radius of a zip via a Google Maps widget.
### Technologies
Java
MySQL
Angular CLI
TypeScript
JavaScript
Bootstrap
### What I'll Have to Learn
I will have to review and re-teach myself JavaScript, TypeScript, and Angular in order to work on the front-end, which will connect to a Java-based back-end. I will also have to learn how to connect my front-end to my back-end, as that was not covered in LC101.
### Project Tracker
Our group is using a GitKraken board to track project progress.
https://app.gitkraken.com/glo/board/XlMj8KMmogAQiwdc

Commit message:

Customize outline to MichaelB.
 Expanded the Overview. Rewrote the Learning section.

P2-Project_Outline/README.md, after:

# Project Outline
For this assignment, you will submit a high-level outline of your project. This can, and likely will, change over time. In particular, your mentor will provide direction and feedback to help sharpen your ideas. So don't worry if you feel unsure about some aspects of the outline or if you have to change some things later.

## Assignment Description
[Project Outline Assignment](https://education.launchcode.org/liftoff/modules/assignments/project-outline)

## Submission Instructions

### Overview
The purpose of this project is to provide information for patients who are afflicted with one or more of the following disorders: diabetes (type 1 and 2), hypertension, and celiac disorder. The application aims to provide a number of recipes for meals that are compatible with patient disorders. The project organization and code will be easily expandable to be able to add disorders, ingredients, and recipes.

Users will fill out a questionnaire where they list their disorders, select foods that they are particlarly fond of, and select foods that they do not wish to eat. The application will filter recipes by these answers and then present them to users.

Additionally, the application will assist users in finding patient care within a radius of a certain zip code. Patient care can vary from inpatient hospitals to outpatient clinics.
### Features
User login: users will be able to create and delete their own accounts and store their disorder information and food preferences to databases connected to said accounts.
Find recipes: users will take a survey that does NOT require user signup or login. this survey will query users for their disorders, favored foods, and least favored foots. recipes based on these answers will be pulled from databases.
Find healthcare options: users will be able to search for nearby doctors, clinicians, and other patient care options within a radius of a zip via a Google Maps widget.
### Technologies
Java
MySQL
Angular CLI
TypeScript
JavaScript
Bootstrap
### What I'll Have to Learn
In addition to reviewing and relearning JaveScript, Angular, and a number of other languages and interfaces that we were introduced to in LaunchCode 101, Part 1, I will be learning how to work remotely with a team. We are using Discord and GitKraken to develop a work flow and a communication routine in order to progress on this project. 

Mainly, I am using this group project to train myself in collaboration-in-abstensia. This will be the toughest challenge for me.
### Project Tracker
Our group is using a GitKraken board to track project progress.
https://app.gitkraken.com/glo/board/XlMj8KMmogAQiwdc
